vmalert: Add formatTime support in templating (#10625)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/vmalert.md

* `title` - converts the first letters of every input word to uppercase.
* `toLower` - converts all the chars in the input string to lowercase.
* `toTime` - converts the input unix timestamp to [time.Time](https://pkg.go.dev/time#Time).
* `formatTime layout` - formats the input time with the given `layout` (see [Go time formatting](https://pkg.go.dev/time#Layout)).

>   Accepts either a [time.Time](https://pkg.go.dev/time#Time) or a Unix timestamp (numeric value).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `formatTime layout` - formats a Unix timestamp time using the given [time layout](https://pkg.go.dev/time#Layout).
```
Please fix the description here too.
